5.  The effect in the metamorphic code does the same thing as the original but with added code to make the virus more undetectable by altering the signature. So the instructions that don’t do anything are in lines 2, 3, 5, 6, and 8 of the metamorphic code. These instructions are ineffective and do not change the original code on the left. 

6. This code is a logic bomb. The logic being the if statement, if it is this certain information, then insert the bomb, the crash code. 

7. There are many threats such as the chance of executable viruses when one plugs in the device, macros, worms, or trojans. The steps we could take to mitigate the contents include scanning the memory stick with appropriate anti-virus software or checking the memory stick contents in a controlled environment. 

8. This is an example of a Trojan horse. This type of virus is similar to a trapdoor/ backdoor to gain access to some information. Generally, trojans have two purposes, an overt and covert one. The overt is to support user login while the covert allows the attacker to login to the system with a fixed username. 

9. Generally loan requests are started as a general phishing attack over email (I get these all the time). The attack tries to obtain sensitive information related to it’s user such as credit card info, usernames, passwords, etc. Then we have spyware or trojan horse malware to get that information obtained by phishing to our attacker. The spyware monitors the user computer to broadcasts user information to get control of the user computer. The trojan horse malware causes damage to the data or system. 

10. There are many attacks on a personal computer that the firewall, or anti-virus software can help protect users. The most common are trojan horses, virus, and worms. There are also spyware, key loggers, and exploits. The list goes on. Some counter measures we can do are to keep the anti-virus software updated, regularly updating our system, using applications from known and reputable brands instead of off random google searches. Do not open mail that seem fishy or in our spam folder. A good firewall should be able to block most backdoor programs. In addition to using a CSA (cloud security alliance) to monitor backdoor attacks, the use of this is beneficial as it can detect a backdoor attack in systems and then relay the information back to the user. Finally, the use of a strong anti-malware software can help protect users from backdoor attacks or help prevent spread of viruses within our system by quarantining them in a safe folder, and ultimately, removing them from our system. 